Add more base viewsets for import/export (#88)
saritasa-nest/django-import-export-extensions: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

UNRELEASED
------------------

> * Add base import/export views what only allows users to work with their own jobs (`ImportJobForUserViewSet` and `ExportJobForUserViewSet`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add base import/export views that only allow users to work with their own jobs (`ImportJobForUserViewSet` and `ExportJobForUserViewSet`).
```
